feat: allow node annotations to be set by the provisioner (#2934)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/tasks/deprovisioning.md

  ...
```

## Disabling Deprovisioning

> Nodes may opted out of deprovisioning using an annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes can be opted out of deprovisioning using an annotation.
```
